Most agent tasks do not fail because the model needs a more clever prompt.
They fail because the assignment begins with a blank box while the real work is scattered across documents, messages, spreadsheets, decisions, and unspoken expectations.
OpenAI's guidance for everyday work starts from a different premise: give the agent the materials your team already uses and ask for the first usable version of a concrete artifact.
The goal is not a beautiful conversation.
The goal is work that someone can inspect, edit, and continue.
That changes what a good handoff contains.
The agent needs source materials, constraints, review expectations, and a destination format.
It also needs a clear definition of the artifact you want back.
In this video, we will turn those elements into an Agent Task Brief.
You will learn how to choose the artifact, package the right context, define boundaries, make review observable, and specify a delivery format that survives the handoff.
Keep one principle in view: do not ask an agent to understand your entire world.
Give it the smallest complete package required to produce a review-ready first version.